Chore[Events]: Added DEVCONF-2022 talks (#2474)
layer5io/layer5: src/collections/events/devconf-2022-measure-smp/index.mdx

---
title: "DEVCONF 2022"
date: 2022-01-29
thumbnail: ./devconfcz-2022.png
eurl: https://sched.co/siKF
topic: event
event-category: talk
published: true
featured: true
upcoming: true
# Deck: N/A
# Video: N/A
---

import { Link } from "gatsby";

<p>
  Join Layer5 at <a href="https://www.devconf.info/cz/">DevConf.cz 2022</a> as

>   we share on the our CNCF projects Meshery and Service Mesh Performance. Bring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  we share on our CNCF projects Meshery and Service Mesh Performance. Bring
```

Reviewer: Typo fix.

---
title: "DEVCONF 2022"
date: 2022-01-29
thumbnail: ./devconf-measure-smp.png
eurl: https://sched.co/siKF
topic: event
event-category: talk
published: true
featured: true
upcoming: true
# Deck: N/A
# Video: N/A
---

import { Link } from "gatsby";

> <p>
>   Join Layer5 at <a href="https://www.devconf.info/cz/">DevConf.cz 2022</a> as
>   our maintainers deliver talks on Measuring SMP and Introduction to Service
>   Meshes and Meshery. Bring your questions. We have answers. Engage with us in
>   our talks!
> </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>
  Join Layer5 at <a href="https://www.devconf.info/cz/">DevConf.cz 2022</a> as we share on the our CNCF projects Meshery and Service Mesh Performance. Bring your questions. We have answers. Engage with us in our talks!
</p>
```
